# X NFTs: R0 Boundless Proof of Concept

This README provides instructions for setting up and running the Boundless project.

## Prerequisites

Ensure the following are installed before starting:

- Rust
- Foundry
- Docker

## Step 1: Clone the Repository

```bash
# Method 1
git clone https://github.com/boundless-xyz/boundless.git
cd boundless
git reset --hard 366be6d
```

## Step 2: Set Up Environment Variables

Edit the `.env` file to include the following:

- Update `RPC_URL` to a Sepolia testnet JsonRPC, such as `https://ethereum-sepolia-rpc.publicnode.com`.
- Add your Ethereum private key.

## Step 3: Deposit ETH to Contract

Execute the following command to deposit ETH into the contract on the Sepolia ETH Testnet:

```bash
cargo run --bin cli -- deposit 0.025
```

## Step 4: Clone X Twitter NFTs

Clone the X Twitter NFTs repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/usherlabs/x-twitter-nfts.git
git checkout boundless
cd ./x-twitter-nft/src/zkaf
```

## Step 5: Configure Environment Variables

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and update any missing fields.

This includes new Boundless related env variables.

| Environment Variable | Description                        |
|----------------------|------------------------------------|
| PINATA_API_URL       | URL for the Pinata API             |
| PINATA_JWT           | JWT token for Pinata authentication|
| IPFS_GATEWAY_URL     | URL for the IPFS gateway           |

## Step 6: Run Publisher

### In Dev Mode

Operating in DevMode is crucial to ensuring that your zkProof is generated and verified locally.

```bash
CARGO_PROFILE_DEV_BUILD_OVERRIDE_DEBUG=true RISC0_DEV_MODE=1 cargo run --bin publisher
```

### In Prod Mode

```bash
cargo run --bin publisher
```

### Publisher Notes

> [!NOTE]  
> The `CARGO_PROFILE_DEV_BUILD_OVERRIDE_DEBUG` and `RISC0_DEV_MODE` environment variables are used to enable debug mode for the RISC0 VM.
> `RISC0_DEV_MODE` is especially used to speed up the execution process. An ELF binary has already been generated and uploaded to IPFS for use by Boundless Provers. Therefore, the locally generated zkProof isn't pushed to Boundless in this PoC.
## Important Notes

1. Ensure deterministic builds by setting `RISC0_USE_DOCKER=true`.
2. For on-chain verification, deploy the Aurora contract first, then use its address to deploy the NEAR contract.
3. Replace placeholders in environment variables with actual values before executing commands.

## Examples

Refer to an indexed example of a zkProof generated by Boundless: [](https://boundless-indexer-risczero.vercel.app/orders/).